Update `maxclients` directive in `redis.conf` info/wording (#2631)
redis/redis-doc: docs/reference/clients.md

In Redis 2.4 there was a hard-coded limit for the maximum number of clients
that could be handled simultaneously.

> In Redis 2.6 and newer, this limit is configurable by `maxclients` directive in `redis.conf` (set by default to 10000 clients).

Reviewer: I hope you don't mind a bit of copy-editing.

```suggestion
In Redis 2.6 and newer, this limit is configurable setting the `maxclients` directive in `redis.conf`. The default is 10,000 clients.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion - I like it and applied. 👍

> In Redis 2.6 and newer, this limit is configurable setting the `maxclients` directive in `redis.conf`. The default is 10,000 clients.

Reviewer: Copy-editing my copy-editing. 🤣

```suggestion
In Redis 2.6 and newer, this limit is configurable using the `maxclients` directive in `redis.conf`. The default is 10,000 clients.
```
